Clocktalk Definitions
=====================
Based on the work by Jon Molnar:
http://www.cogspace.com/clickwise/

Encodings: 
----------
###Height:
Height appears to be one of two states: Full length or 'almost' full length (for stopstart).
Due to this, the clocktalk definition encodes it as one bit.
###Width:
Width appears to be variable between 1 and 5 for the vowels (exception Y, which is unknown).
It's possible these are encoded in shorter time lengths to optimize transmission slightly.
We are making the assumption that width is directly related to time.
It is encoded with 3 bits, as a bitmask. 
###Dots:
The symbols seem to have between 2 and 6 dots. The are encoded as a bitmask in 6 bits. 
The permutations are perfectly encoded here (with maybe some extra that are unused).
###Dashes:
The dashes seem to only connect dots. Therefore we use 1 bit for each possible connection.

Physical Meanings:
------------------
There are any number of possible physical meanings. 
I'll enumerate some favorites of mine:
###Harmonic Tone coding
I imagine this one would sound the best.
In this case, we have a base click rate. This click represents a square wave carrier.
A space is an empty click. Vowels are encoded as an off-beat set of faster clicks.
Each dot is represented by a harmonic tone, as is each dash. There are 11 different tones. 
###Mixed-tones
Same master click track as Harmonic Coding, but in this case, there is a single-tone.
The tone is generated by mixing frequencies defined by the dots and dashes.
Dots might represent base tones (one signal domain).
While dashes might represent a multiplexing signal. 
###Pure clicks.
Using compressed symbol coding direct binary representations of the symbols could be transmitted.
While the math for this is really interesting, it probably wouldn't sound like much. 
